docs(v3-migration-doc): add instruction for logs collector migration without data loss (#2837)
SumoLogic/sumologic-kubernetes-collection: docs/v3-migration-doc.md

After the upgrade, once OpenTelemetry Collector is running, you can disable Fluent Bit again and proceed without any data loss.

##### Migration without data duplication and data loss (advanced)

> If you don't want to lose data and to duplicate them, you can go wih more complex solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to migrate without losing data or ingesting duplicates, you can go with a more complex solution.
```

> If you don't want to loose data and to duplicate them, you can go wih more complex solution.

Author: ```suggestion
If you don't want to lose data and to duplicate them, you can go wih more complex solution.
```

> The idea is to have two separated group of nodes. One for Fluent Bit and one for OpenTelemetry Collector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The idea is to have two separated groups of nodes. One for Fluent Bit and one for OpenTelemetry Collector.
```

> Node group for FLuent Bit should contains all and only existing nodes. The second group of nodes is dedicated to all new pods.

Reviewer 2: typo: FLuent -> Fluent

Author: ```suggestion
Node group for Fluent Bit should contains all and only existing nodes. The second group of nodes is dedicated to all new pods.
```

> Node group for Fluent Bit should contains all and only existing nodes. The second group of nodes is dedicated to all new pods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The node group for Fluent Bit should contain all existing nodes. The second group of nodes is dedicated to all new pods.
```

Let's consider an example for that.

> We added `workerGroup: old-worker-group` label to all existing nodes, and then apply the following configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We added `workerGroup: old-worker-group` label to all existing nodes, and then applied the following configuration:
```

```yaml
sumologic:
  logs:
    collector:
      allowSideBySide: true
fluent-bit:
  enabled: true
  nodeSelector:
    ## run Fluent-Bit on all nodes matching label: workerGroup=old-worker-group
    workerGroup: old-worker-group
otellogs:
  daemonset:
    affinity:
      nodeAffinity:
        requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
          nodeSelectorTerms:
          - matchExpressions:
            ## run OpenTelemetry Logs Collector on all nodes which do not match label: workerGroup=old-worker-group
            - key: workerGroup
              operator: NotIn
              values:
              - old-worker-group
```

> After upgrading the collection, we drained all nodes with `workerGroup: old-worker-group`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After upgrading the Helm Chart, we drained all nodes with `workerGroup: old-worker-group`,
```
